When Antanee looks into the mirror, the reflection she sees is not of her self, but that of a boy. There he was staring back, with a giddy grin.
Antanee: How many times have I told you, we don’t actually have a pool on the roof of Ravensworth. It was all just a rumor idiots at Sunset Hills made up about us.
Leo:
As Antanee paced around the her school’s rooftop, trying to get away from the generator for it made too much noise. Not that it made any difference, when she heard Leo speak, his voice would be heard inside her head.

---

Antanee screamed at her grandmother. Her grand mother put her finger to her lips, telling Antatee to quiet down. It was unclassy in her house to curse, hit, or shout. Whenever she did anything wrong, Nana would lecture her until she felt it in her very veins and soul that she had wronged.  Even though her grandmother were nice and loving, she still dreamt about living away on her own all the time. Every kid want to be in a world independent of adults, where they make their own rules, and all the important choices. A beautiful world, where everything would go right. But for Antanee, the world she often retreated to was not an beautiful world. It was a world, where she was constantly victimized. Her friends would betray her, and they would fight all the time. Still it was a world Antanee would not mind residing in. At least in that world, she had friends, friends who cared for her, and she for them, enough to be hurt by one another.  

---

 A: So what do you want to be when you grow up? 
L: When I grow up, I want to fly.
 A: Fly? Like a pilot? 
L: No, me fly. Myself, my body fly. 
A:  Fly... like a bird  
This was so Leo, no reality or laws of physics can dictate Leo's dreams.

---

As Joren opened his bedroom door, a loud pop sounded! Next thing he knew, he was cover in rainbow confetti. “Ha ha!” laughed a voice, he looked around to see who was there. Then he realized he recognized that voice, and turned to the mirror to find Antanee, bouncing about on her four poster bed. “Happy birthday to us!” she shouted through the giggles.
Joren looked at her, whatever that he saw when he first looked at her eyes. That sparkle on her stone-like posture. Now she radiated whatever that thing was throughout her entire body as she rolled around in her bed laughing. Innocence, that was it, it was innocence and hope he recognized. Innocence is not something once had but then lost forever, as many commonly believed. No, innocent is something to be retained. A truly innocent man, is one who has seen all the vices and evils of the world, but yet still hold his heart pure and high. Still with striking optimism and unwavering faith he faces the world. And here the cynical and faithless, Antanee, was just that. Innocent, so full of hope, and radiating light as she sang ‘Happy Birthday’ for both of them.
While they were eating the cupcakes Antanee made, Joren began “I don’t think it’s very proper,” imitating her tone of speech when she said the word ‘proper’. “for you to skip school to come her and decorate my room.”
“Oh, I didn’t skip school. I was there sitting in class like a good girl all day.” She replied with her signature proud smile, which always hinted of course there is something beneath the surface of those words.
“You didn’t!” It suddenly struck Joren how all this decorating and cake making might have occurred. “You sent your proxies here, into my room?! And the cake, I am eating robot made food too? Wow, how cool is that.”
“No, the cake I made myself, with my own body last night. But yes, the decorating they did. From what I can see through here, they have done a pretty fine job.”
Today was probably one of the better birthdays Joren had. He had always fantasied of having his friends throw him a surprise birthday party. But then again before last year, he didn’t have any friends to do so, or at least not ones who would care to anyway.

---

Dear Chantale
You promised bright blue skies
But I dwell in blue blue days

You oracle of lies
May bring forth my demise.
